---
title: Continuing working on BT Studio
date: 2024-05-06 14:00:00 +0100
tags: [weekly progress]     # TAG names should always be lowercase
author: javier
img_path: /assets/img/
toc: true
comments: true
---

The goal of this week was to finished the changes done last week on the updated version of BT Studio and finish the merge of gloal navigation.

## List of changes to BT Studio

This is a list of all of changes that will be done to BT Studio before the merge is done.

- [X] Buttons hover correctly
- [X] Projects list
- [ ] Redesign color choices and css (Maybe)
- [X] New dialog window for creating new files
- [ ] Quick ? for simple stuff related to how the bt editor works
- [X] Autosave file in change
- [X] When creating a file always en with .py
- [X] Autosave project in change
- [X] Not show editor if no file is open
- [ ] If modified one action all copies of that action must be updated (In progress)
- [ ] Indicator that input or output is from blackboard
- [ ] BT sort button
- [ ] Show the link between 2 nodes connected incorrectly in other color OR link by clicking
- [X] Create file from templates
- [ ] Horizontal Bt (Maybe)
- [ ] Add toggle between horizontal bt and vertical (Maybe)
- [ ] Solving the Tab mistery from ACE
- [ ] Better error popups

## Adding creation from templates and new dialog modal

For this week I finished the implementation of the new dialog window for creating new actions and templates.

The pull request for this new changes can be found [here](https://github.com/JdeRobot/bt-studio/pull/81).

And a video showcasing the changes:

{% include embed/youtube.html id='xE7Fo7A_EUc' %}

## Adding autosave

I also added the autosave feature when changing the file or the project.

The pull request for this new changes can be found [here](https://github.com/JdeRobot/bt-studio/pull/87).

## Removing editor when no file is open

I changed the editor for a splash screen logo when there are no files open.

The pull request for this new changes can be found [here](https://github.com/JdeRobot/bt-studio/pull/85).

{% include embed/youtube.html id='hFxopJ9CVSc' %}

## Solving the incorrect hover of some buttons

I changed some css in order to solve this visual bug

The pull request for this new changes can be found [here](https://github.com/JdeRobot/bt-studio/pull/86).

## Adding the recepcionist demo to BT Studio

I solved the remaining issues with the demo and opened a PR to merge it with the other existing ones.

The pull request for this new changes can be found [here](https://github.com/JdeRobot/bt-studio/pull/84).

## Work in progress

I also started to work with the action nodes from the diagram in order to add more functionality to them.

Here is the PR I created for [this](https://github.com/JdeRobot/bt-studio/pull/89) and for now it is implemented to open a new modal window to change color,inputs and outputs of all the action nodes of that action created and also the future ones. 
