---
title: Polishing the new action modal
date: 2024-05-27 14:00:00 +0100
tags: [weekly progress]     # TAG names should always be lowercase
author: javier
img_path: /assets/img/
toc: true
comments: true
---

The goal of this week was to continue polishing the new edit action modal and to refine the excercises migrated to humble.

## List of changes to BT Studio

This is a list of all of changes that will be done to BT Studio before the merge is done.

- [X] Buttons hover correctly
- [X] Projects list
- [ ] Redesign color choices and css (Maybe)
- [X] New dialog window for creating new files
- [X] New dialog window for editing actions
- [ ] Quick ? for simple stuff related to how the bt editor works
- [X] Autosave file in change
- [X] When creating a file always en with .py
- [X] Autosave project in change
- [X] Not show editor if no file is open
- [X] If modified one action all copies of that action must be updated
- [ ] Indicator that input or output is from blackboard
- [ ] BT sort button
- [ ] Show the link between 2 nodes connected incorrectly in other color OR link by clicking
- [X] Create file from templates
- [ ] Horizontal Bt (Maybe)
- [ ] Add toggle between horizontal bt and vertical (Maybe)
- [ ] Solving the Tab mistery from ACE
- [ ] Better error popups

## Changes and improvements to the action editor

I have been solving some bugs that remained from the onBlur event. There are some that still need to be fixed but it is functional for the moment being.

There is also a new addition, the accent colors now appear with each corresponding action in the file explorer.

{% include embed/youtube.html id='yoiVzuy9bhs' %}

The next step is to be able to modify the name of the actions.

## Outside of BT Studio

The migration of the vacuum excercise was finished and now we are refining the excercises in order to make them perfect.

With this in mind, I revisited the global navigation one and added a new way to reset the UI in this [PR](https://github.com/JdeRobot/RoboticsAcademy/pull/2543).

The other excercise that suffer major changes was obstacle avoidance. In here I removed the image displayed and everything related to that in the GUI and HAL, I removed all of the inecessary threads and subscribers and changed from using the interfaces from the excercise, to the ones from hal_interfaces. All of this can be found [here](https://github.com/JdeRobot/RoboticsAcademy/pull/2545).
